I need your help to help me with a client that he just started a shipping company. He's the only one at the company. It's his own company, and he needs a way to manage clients. His idea was to have an administrator panel where he could see the services that the clients would create on their site. So basically, he explained to me that he would like to create accounts for the clients and install the, let's say this is a PWA. So he would go to the clients and install this through the browser on the client side and log them in on the account that he, admin, as an admin, created himself for his clients. And the client will be able to create a service where he would see the service on his side. And let's say the service for both sides has a blue light and a green light. Blue light standing for the service is created, but it still needs the order to be picked up. And the green light is that it was delivered to the client's lab already. So he works with labs, dental labs, and he needs a way to organize himself. And the client will be able to create services for him to go to their lab and pick up the order and deliver it to the client's lab. And at the end of the month, it will be awesome for him to see all the services from that specific client, so he would be able to create invoices for them to bill them at the end of the month because he has many labs, many clients, in this case, dental labs. And since he just started, so he doesn't have a budget for me to take time to code something for him, I would like to ask you if you could help me search for some kind of library, open source library, or whatever. I don't know. I need you to be proactive and think on the features I've talked and probably enhancements and the essential thing that it will be good for him to start with.
He's just a normal person with bare knwoledge on IT. He just needs a simple solution to his problem. So open source and free tiers, so no costs if possible would be great for him. Each lab will need their own accounts so they only see their own orders. This has to be essential features only, practical things that work and really help his daily work without him to check all the papers he writes all day long and organize them at the end after a 14h work day of deliveries on the road
Everything that you found even the open-source ones are really complex, he just need a simple solution for his day-to-day work. Please list me all the features that this would need and possible enhancements, be proactive. categorize by "shipper"/"courier" or whatever he should be called, and clients, the ones that need an order to be delivered. Write this almost like a spec docmment?
Good. Now write me a proper spec .md file so I can plan this properly
